Hi and welcome to Amazon Academy and Machine Learning Foundations in this module, you'll learn about the course objectives, various job roles in the machine learning domain and where you can go to learn more about machine learning. After completing this module, you should be able to identify course prerequisites and objectives indicate the role of the data scientist in business and identify resources for further learning. We're now going to look at the prerequisites for taking this course. Before you take this course, we recommend that you first complete Aws Academy cloud foundations. You should also have some general technical knowledge of it including foundational computer literacy skills like basic computer concepts, email file management and a good understanding of the internet. We also recommend that you have intermediate skills with Python programming and a general knowledge of applied statistics. Finally, general business knowledge is important for this course. This includes insight into how information technology is used in business. It's also important to have business related skill sets such as communication skills, leadership skills, and an orientation towards customer service. In this course, you'll be introduced to the key concepts of machine learning, its tools and its uses you'll also be introduced to and work with some of the AWS services for machine learning. You'll learn how to recognize how machine learning and deep learning are part of artificial intelligence. Describe artificial intelligence and machine learning terminology. Identify how machine learning can be used to solve a business problem. Describe the machine learning process. List the tools available to data scientists and identify when to use machine learning instead of traditional software development methods. As part of this course, you'll also learn how to implement a machine learning pipeline. This includes how to formulate a problem from a business request, obtain and secure data for machine learning, build a Jupiter notebook by using Amazon Sage maker outline the process for evaluating data. Explain why data needs to be preprocess and use open source tools to examine and preprocess data. You will also use Amazon Sage Maker to train and host a machine learning model, use cross validation to test the performance of a machine learning model. Use a hosted model for inference, create an Amazon Sage maker hyper parameter tuning job to optimize a model's effectiveness. And finally how to use managed Amazon machine learning services to solve specific machine learning problems in forecasting computer vision and natural language processing. We'll now review the course outline to achieve the course objectives. You'll complete the following modules to start in module two, you'll get an introduction to machine learning in module three. You'll learn how to implement a machine learning pipeline with Amazon Sage maker modules 45 and six describe how to apply managed Amazon machine learning services for problems in forecasting computer vision and natural language processing. Finally, module seven is a summary of the course. It also includes an overview of steps you can take to work towards the AWS certified machine learning specialty. The next five slides provide more detail about the subtopics covered in each module. The purpose of module two is to introduce you to major concepts for understanding machine learning. Section one describes the overall field of machine learning and how machine learning relates to artificial intelligence and deep learning. In section two, you'll learn about some of the most common business problems you can solve with machine learning. Section three describes the general workflow for solving machine learning problems. You'll also learn some of the more common machine learning terms. In section four, you'll review some of the commonly used tools by machine learning professionals. And lastly in section five, you'll get an overview of some of the common challenges you'll face when working with machine learning problems. In module three, you'll get an introduction to Amazon Sage Maker and how you can use it to implement a machine learning pipeline. The module focuses on the application of machine learning to solve problems with several public domain data sets. As examples of the machine learning pipeline. Section one introduces you to defining business problems and the data sets we will use during this module, section two through eight, describe the phases of the machine learning pipeline by using computer vision as an example application. In section two, you'll learn how to collect and secure data. Section three describes different techniques for evaluating data. In section four, you'll learn about the process of feature engineering. Section five described the steps he'll take to train a model with stage maker. In section six, you'll get an overview of the options in Sage maker for hosting and using a model. Finally, section seven and eight cover how to evaluate and tune your model with Sage Maker. In this module, you'll be introduced to using machine learning to create forecasts based on a time series data. In section one, you'll be introduced to forecasting in some of its common applications. Section two outlines some of the pitfalls of using time series data to make forecasts. Finally, in section three, you'll get an overview of how to use Amazon forecast in this module, you'll learn about using machine learning for computer vision. Section one describes the general problems you can solve with computer vision. In section two, you'll learn about the process for analyzing images and videos. And in section three, you'll learn the steps you'll need to take to prepare data sets for computer vision. In this module, you'll be introduced to natural language processing with machine learning. In section one, you'll learn about the general set of problems you can solve with natural language processing section two reviews. Some of the managed Amazon machine learning services you can use to address natural language processing problems. These services include Amazon transcribe, Amazon translate, Amazon, Lex Amazon comprehend and Amazon poly module seven is the final module of the course. In this module, you'll review what you've learned throughout this course. You'll also be introduced to the next steps you should take. If you want to achieve the Aws Certified Machine learning specialty section, one of this module summarizes the topics you've covered in this course. In section two, you'll learn more about the Aws documentation. You'll also review two common frameworks for applying Aws services. And finally, section three describes the steps you should take. If you want to continue working towards the Aws Certified machine learning specialty in this section, you'll learn about some of the more common job roles for machine learning professionals. If you're interested in a data scientist role, focus on developing analytical statistical and programming skills. As a data scientist, you'll use those skills to collect analyze and interpret large data sets. Some universities now offer degrees in data science, but data scientists often have degrees in related fields like statistics, math, computer science or economics. As a data scientist, you'll need technical competencies in statistics, machine learning, programming languages and data analytics. If you'd like to have a career as a machine learning engineer, the skills you'll need will be similar to a data scientist, skill set like data scientists, machine learning engineers also require technical competencies in statistics and machine learning. However, you'll focus more on programming skills and software architecture than analysis and interpretation. As a machine learning engineer, you'll apply those programming and architecture skills to design and develop machine learning systems. Machine learning engineers often have previous experience with software development and they rely more heavily on programming and software engineering than other machine learning roles. You might also be interested in a career in science where you can apply machine learning technology to your field. Machine learning is having an impact in everything from astronomy to zoology. So there are many different paths open to you. As an applied science researcher, your primary focus will be on the type of science you're working on. You'll need some of the same skills as a data scientist, but you'll also need to know how to apply those skills to your chosen domain. Thus, applied science rules also require technical competencies in statistics and machine learning. Many software developers are now integrating machine learning into their applications. If you're interested in a career as a software developer, you should also include machine learning technology in your studies. As a machine learning developer, your primary focus will be software development skills, but you'll also need some of the same skills as a data scientist. So make sure you take coursework in statistics and applied mathematics. And here's a final note for this module, we recommend reviewing your student guide in your student guide. You'll find links to documentation and other resources you'll use throughout the course. That's it for this introduction. Thanks for watching. We'll see you in the next video.